LB-1008 docs: Document mbid_mapping field in listen JSON API (#3754)
metabrainz/listenbrainz-server: docs/users/json.rst

ListenBrainz has resolved for the listen by matching the submitted metadata against the
MusicBrainz database.

.. note::

   The ``mbid_mapping`` element is **read-only** and only appears in listen data returned
   by the API (e.g. from ``GET /1/user/{user_name}/listens``). It is not part of the
   submission format and should not be included when submitting listens.

   If ListenBrainz was unable to find a match for a listen, the ``mbid_mapping`` element
   will be absent from that listen's ``track_metadata``.

How ``mbid_mapping`` differs from ``additional_info``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Both ``additional_info`` and ``mbid_mapping`` can contain MBIDs, but they serve different purposes:

- **additional_info**: Contains MBIDs that the *user's scrobbling client* submitted along with
  the listen. These are unvalidated and may be incorrect (for example, a client might submit a
  MusicBrainz Track ID as the ``recording_mbid``).

- **mbid_mapping**: Contains MBIDs that the *ListenBrainz server* has resolved by matching the
  listen's metadata against the MusicBrainz database. These are validated and enriched with

>   additional data such as the canonical recording name, cover art, and streaming links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  listen's metadata against the MusicBrainz database. These are our best guess of the canonical recording
  and release name, with additional cover art and streaming links metadata.
```

Author: Removed this

When both are present, the ``mbid_mapping`` data should generally be preferred as the

> authoritative source for MBIDs.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this sentence. User-sent metadata is often more correct than LB's guess (for example a specific release or recording, rather than the canonical one), so I would just remove this.

Author: Applied! Thanks for the better wording

MBID resolution precedence
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

ListenBrainz resolves the recording MBID for a listen using the following precedence
order (highest priority first):

1. **User-submitted MBID**: The ``recording_mbid`` from ``additional_info``, if the user's
   scrobbling client included one.
2. **User's manual mapping**: If the user has manually linked this listen to a MusicBrainz
   recording through the ListenBrainz interface.
3. **Automatic MBID Mapper**: The result of ListenBrainz's automatic fuzzy matching of the
   listen's artist name and track name against MusicBrainz data.
4. **Other users' mappings**: Manual mappings submitted by other ListenBrainz users for the
   same recording.

Once a recording MBID is resolved, the server enriches it with additional metadata (release,
artist credits, cover art, streaming links) from its metadata cache.

``mbid_mapping`` fields
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The following fields may be present in the ``mbid_mapping`` element:

.. list-table:: MBID Mapping Fields
   :widths: 25 15 60
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - element

Reviewer: Did you really write this table by hand?

Your disclaimer states 
>  The actual documentation and examples were written manually based on those findings.

But that comes into question considering this formatting.
If the disclaimer is inaccurate, please update it.
It is about being honest and clear with the provenance (more important for code) so we can review accordingly. Not about getting wawy with as much as you can...

Author: fair point, my bad! To be more transparent: I did use AI to help draft the text and format this RST table
My manual work was tracing the logic in timescale_listenstore.py and verifying the fields against the live API
I definitely should have been clearer about the AI's role from the start. I've updated the PR description to reflect this accurately. Thanks for keeping me accountable!

Reviewer: It all starts with being honest and open.
It's frustrating to not be able to trust one's own eyes.
